readme.md, before:

[//]: # (DO NOT EDIT: This file has been autogenerated, any changes will be overwritten)
# 7 Days to Die Mod - No Crosshair

[![nexus-mods-page](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nexus%20Mod-No%20Crosshair%20-orange?style=flat-square&logo=spinrilla)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5541)
[![github-repository](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repository-green?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/rdok/7daystodie_mod_no_crosshair)

> Hide all crosshairs, melee, ranged or hands.

[![No Crosshairs Showcase](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rdok/7daystodie_no_crosshair/main/documentation/showcase.webp)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5541)

[//]: # ([![No Crosshairs Showcase]&#40;https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rdok/7daystodie_mod_no_crosshair/main/documentation/no_crosshair_showcase.webp&#41;]&#40;https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5541&#41;)

- 7daystodie Version: 1.0 (b333)
- Install with [Vortex](https://www.nexusmods.com/about/vortex/).

## Features

- Hide all crosshairs, melee, ranged or hands.

### Modding Sources

- [Removing crosshair by SphereII](https://github.com/SphereII/SphereII.Mods/blob/f1216d54eb3f812037ef090bf116bfd8c66eee17/Mods/SphereII%20Clear%20UI/Harmony/ClearUI.cs#L181)
- [DLL Sample Project by SphereII](https://github.com/SphereII/SphereII.Mods/tree/master/Mods/SampleProject)
- [AGF - V1.0 - HUD PLUS](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/870) for a mod template
- [Basic_Modding_Tutorial_1](https://7daystodie.fandom.com/wiki/Basic_Modding_Tutorial_1) to confirm the required mod fields.


***

[//]: # (DO NOT EDIT: This file has been autogenerated, any changes will be overwritten)
## Development Environment

1. **Setup Visual Studio 2022**

   - Ensure Visual Studio 2022 is installed with .NET Framework 4.8.
   - Open the `NoCrosshair.sln` file in Visual Studio.

2. **Project Configuration**
   - Right-click on the project and select "Properties."
   - Go to the "Build" section and select the "Debug" configuration.
   - Scroll down to the "Output" section and fix the output path to the location where your mods are loaded.
   - This location is specified by `UserDataFolder` in the `%appdata%\7DaysToDie\launchersettings.json` file.
   - Configure this using `7dLauncher.exe` and add the following in the "Additional parameters" field: `-UserDataFolder=C:\vortex_udf_7_days_to_die`.

### References (Libraries)

To build the DLL in Visual Studio, you need the following references. These libraries are also useful for checking the definitions of various game functions.

- **Fixing Library Paths**:

  - Due to potential mismatches between different development machines, the reference paths might be broken.
  - In the Solution Explorer, expand the "References" section.
  - Right-click on each reference and update the path in the properties window.

- **Required References**:
  - `7DaysToDie_Data\Managed\Assembly-CSharp.dll` (e.g., to import `IModApi`, `Mod`).
  - `Mods\0_TFP_Harmony\0Harmony.dll` (for importing `HarmonyLib`).
  - `7DaysToDie_Data\Managed\LogLibrary.dll` (for logging).

### Release

To build and zip the mod, follow these steps using NodeJS 20:

1. **Install NodeJS 20**: [Download NodeJS 20](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows)
2. **Build the Mod**:
   ```sh
   npm ci
   npm run build # generates the mod in zip format
   npm run generate_readme # generates markdown and bbcode for NexusMods
   ```


***

[//]: # (DO NOT EDIT: This file has been autogenerated, any changes will be overwritten)

Commit message:

docs: Warn on EAC caveat.

readme.md, after:

[//]: # (DO NOT EDIT: This file has been autogenerated, any changes will be overwritten)
# 7 Days to Die Mod - No Crosshair

[![nexus-mods-page](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nexus%20Mod-No%20Crosshair%20-orange?style=flat-square&logo=spinrilla)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5541)
[![github-repository](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repository-green?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/rdok/7daystodie_mod_no_crosshair)

> **Hide All Crosshairs:** Hides all crosshairs, whether for melee, ranged, or unarmed combat.  
> **EAC Caveat:** This mod uses custom code that is not compatible with Easy Anti-Cheat (EAC). Attempting to use the mod with EAC enabled will result in an in-game warning prompt, requiring you to restart the game with EAC disabled.

[![No Crosshairs Showcase](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rdok/7daystodie_no_crosshair/main/documentation/showcase.webp)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5541)

[//]: # ([![No Crosshairs Showcase]&#40;https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rdok/7daystodie_mod_no_crosshair/main/documentation/no_crosshair_showcase.webp&#41;]&#40;https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5541&#41;)

- 7daystodie Version: 1.0 (b333)
- Install with [Vortex](https://www.nexusmods.com/about/vortex/).

## Features

- Hide all crosshairs, melee, ranged or hands.

### Modding Sources

- [Removing crosshair by SphereII](https://github.com/SphereII/SphereII.Mods/blob/f1216d54eb3f812037ef090bf116bfd8c66eee17/Mods/SphereII%20Clear%20UI/Harmony/ClearUI.cs#L181)
- [DLL Sample Project by SphereII](https://github.com/SphereII/SphereII.Mods/tree/master/Mods/SampleProject)
- [AGF - V1.0 - HUD PLUS](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/870) for a mod template
- [Basic_Modding_Tutorial_1](https://7daystodie.fandom.com/wiki/Basic_Modding_Tutorial_1) to confirm the required mod fields.


***

[//]: # (DO NOT EDIT: This file has been autogenerated, any changes will be overwritten)
## Development Environment

1. **Setup Visual Studio 2022**

   - Ensure Visual Studio 2022 is installed with .NET Framework 4.8.
   - Open the `NoCrosshair.sln` file in Visual Studio.

2. **Project Configuration**
   - Right-click on the project and select "Properties."
   - Go to the "Build" section and select the "Debug" configuration.
   - Scroll down to the "Output" section and fix the output path to the location where your mods are loaded.
   - This location is specified by `UserDataFolder` in the `%appdata%\7DaysToDie\launchersettings.json` file.
   - Configure this using `7dLauncher.exe` and add the following in the "Additional parameters" field: `-UserDataFolder=C:\vortex_udf_7_days_to_die`.

### References (Libraries)

To build the DLL in Visual Studio, you need the following references. These libraries are also useful for checking the definitions of various game functions.

- **Fixing Library Paths**:

  - Due to potential mismatches between different development machines, the reference paths might be broken.
  - In the Solution Explorer, expand the "References" section.
  - Right-click on each reference and update the path in the properties window.

- **Required References**:
  - `7DaysToDie_Data\Managed\Assembly-CSharp.dll` (e.g., to import `IModApi`, `Mod`).
  - `Mods\0_TFP_Harmony\0Harmony.dll` (for importing `HarmonyLib`).
  - `7DaysToDie_Data\Managed\LogLibrary.dll` (for logging).

### Release

To build and zip the mod, follow these steps using NodeJS 20:

1. **Install NodeJS 20**: [Download NodeJS 20](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows)
2. **Build the Mod**:
   ```sh
   npm ci
   npm run build # generates the mod in zip format
   npm run generate_readme # generates markdown and bbcode for NexusMods
   ```


***

[//]: # (DO NOT EDIT: This file has been autogenerated, any changes will be overwritten)
