documentation/about.md, before:

# 7 Days to Die Mod - No Crosshair

[![nexus-mods-page](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nexus%20Mod-No%20Crosshair%20-orange?style=flat-square&logo=spinrilla)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5541)
[![github-repository](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repository-green?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/rdok/7daystodie_mod_no_crosshair)

> Hide all crosshairs, melee, ranged or hands.

[![No Crosshairs Showcase](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rdok/7daystodie_no_crosshair/main/documentation/showcase.webp)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5541)

[//]: # ([![No Crosshairs Showcase]&#40;https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rdok/7daystodie_mod_no_crosshair/main/documentation/no_crosshair_showcase.webp&#41;]&#40;https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5541&#41;)

- 7daystodie Version: 1.0 (b333)
- Install with [Vortex](https://www.nexusmods.com/about/vortex/).

## Features

- Hide all crosshairs, melee, ranged or hands.

### Modding Sources

- [Removing crosshair by SphereII](https://github.com/SphereII/SphereII.Mods/blob/f1216d54eb3f812037ef090bf116bfd8c66eee17/Mods/SphereII%20Clear%20UI/Harmony/ClearUI.cs#L181)
- [DLL Sample Project by SphereII](https://github.com/SphereII/SphereII.Mods/tree/master/Mods/SampleProject)
- [AGF - V1.0 - HUD PLUS](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/870) for a mod template
- [Basic_Modding_Tutorial_1](https://7daystodie.fandom.com/wiki/Basic_Modding_Tutorial_1) to confirm the required mod fields.

Commit message:

docs: Warn on EAC caveat.

documentation/about.md, after:

# 7 Days to Die Mod - No Crosshair

[![nexus-mods-page](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nexus%20Mod-No%20Crosshair%20-orange?style=flat-square&logo=spinrilla)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5541)
[![github-repository](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repository-green?style=flat-square&logo=github)](https://github.com/rdok/7daystodie_mod_no_crosshair)

> **Hide All Crosshairs:** Hides all crosshairs, whether for melee, ranged, or unarmed combat.  
> **EAC Caveat:** This mod uses custom code that is not compatible with Easy Anti-Cheat (EAC). Attempting to use the mod with EAC enabled will result in an in-game warning prompt, requiring you to restart the game with EAC disabled.

[![No Crosshairs Showcase](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rdok/7daystodie_no_crosshair/main/documentation/showcase.webp)](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5541)

[//]: # ([![No Crosshairs Showcase]&#40;https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rdok/7daystodie_mod_no_crosshair/main/documentation/no_crosshair_showcase.webp&#41;]&#40;https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/5541&#41;)

- 7daystodie Version: 1.0 (b333)
- Install with [Vortex](https://www.nexusmods.com/about/vortex/).

## Features

- Hide all crosshairs, melee, ranged or hands.

### Modding Sources

- [Removing crosshair by SphereII](https://github.com/SphereII/SphereII.Mods/blob/f1216d54eb3f812037ef090bf116bfd8c66eee17/Mods/SphereII%20Clear%20UI/Harmony/ClearUI.cs#L181)
- [DLL Sample Project by SphereII](https://github.com/SphereII/SphereII.Mods/tree/master/Mods/SampleProject)
- [AGF - V1.0 - HUD PLUS](https://www.nexusmods.com/7daystodie/mods/870) for a mod template
- [Basic_Modding_Tutorial_1](https://7daystodie.fandom.com/wiki/Basic_Modding_Tutorial_1) to confirm the required mod fields.
